License of Bundled Libraries

   com.noesisinformatica:noesisinformatica uses a large number of open source libraries. All
   of these libraries are included in the lib folder of the application
   and are covered by their respective licenses. com.noesisinformatica:noesisinformatica
   license and copyright does not cover these libraries. Please refer to
   the licenses for appropriate information.

License for com.noesisinformatica:noesisinformatica - 1.2.0-SNAPSHOT

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
and distribution as defined by the following sections of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the
copyright owner that is granting the License.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
permissions granted by this License.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
including but not limited to software source code, documentation
source, and configuration files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not
limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and
conversions to other media types.

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object
form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright
notice that is included in or attached to the work.

"Software" shall mean the Work and its representation in Source or
Object forms as described above. This license agreement also refers to
com.noesisinformatica:noesisinformatica as Software.

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

2. Terms of License

This License entitles you to use the Software according to the terms
of this license. The use of the Software for any other purposes is not allowed
and will need to be agreed in writing with the Licensor (Noesis
Informatica Ltd). This License Agreement does not in any way grant you
any rights over the Intellectual Property of the com.noesisinformatica:noesisinformatica.
You acknowledge that the ownership of the Intellectual Property at all
times rest with the Licensor (Noesis Informatica Ltd). By using
com.noesisinformatica:noesisinformatica, You also agree to the following terms:
  * You may not provide or make com.noesisinformatica:noesisinformatica available by any
    means to any third party without prior written consent of the
    Licensor. You undertake to take such steps as are necessary in
    order to protect com.noesisinformatica:noesisinformatica against unauthorized use.
  * You may not alter, merge, modify, adapt or translate the Software,
    or decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce
    com.noesisinformatica:noesisinformatica to a human-perceivable form.
  * You may not sell, rent, lease, sublicense, transfer, resell for
    profit or otherwise distribute the Software or any part thereof.
  * You shall not attempt to extract or download the SNOMED CT content
    exposed by the Software, using any automated or semi-automated
    means or methods.
  * You may not modify the Software or create derivative works based
    upon the Software.
  * You may not reveal or use com.noesisinformatica:noesisinformatica design features to
    create or augment derivative works, directly or indirectly.
  * You may not remove or obscure any copyright and trademark notices
    relating to the Software.
  * You allow the Software to use local browser cookies and remote
    caches to collect anonymous metrics to improve performance and
    search rankings.
  * You allow the Software to collect store your email address for
    purposes of maintaining and establishing authentication. Your
    personal details will not be shared with any other 3rd parties.

3. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

4. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed
to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor
provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without
limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely
responsible for determining the appropriateness of using or
redistributing the Work and assume any risks associated with Your
exercise of permissions under this License.

5. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless
required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent
acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You
for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential damages of any character arising as a result of this
License or out of the use or inability to use the Work (including but
not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer
failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or
losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility
of such damages.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS